README for Sufyan Shaikh PA2

The goal for this PA2 was to update PA1 to
1. Add a friends feature 
2. Update saveDB 
3. Update loadDB
4. (extra credit) update remove

1. Friends feature
	To implement this feature there were multiple steps:
	I. add new option in Main menu to make friends
	II. Adding a member in connection class -> vector of type Connection* to save 
		friends of Connection object.
	III. Creating a unique ID for each connection which is done so by the function codeName
		 in misc.cpp. This function lowercases first and last name and puts them together, removing any spaces.
	IV. Update print_connection function to also print the friendcodes of all friends. To do this, 
		All that was done was by calling codeName() and using the fname and lname of said connection.

2. Update saveDB
	By updating saveDB, dependency of Network on Connection class was removed. A new function called Connection::write_Connection(ofstream& os) was implemented in connection.cpp/.h.
	Within this function, all data was outputted as if it was going into an output file. In saveDb, a file was opened and then This function was then called which allowed the data to be written to the file opened in saveDB. I named this filed "myDB.db" by default. And saveDB no longer takes an input string fileName. Now regardless of if connection class change, saveDB will no longer need to be changed. It is now independent.

3. Update loadDB
	Now that files of type db can now also contain friendcodes, the load function needs to be updated. after phone number is taken, as long as the next line isn't dashed, we will be adding that line(the friend) to a vector of type vector<string> to store this connections friends. The issue, however, is that the friendcodes are just strings, no way to associate a connection object with just a string. To fix this, I created a new member for the connection class called friendCode. This friendCode saves the connections own code, fname+lname all lowercase. This allows one to now search the existing connections by friendcode. To do this, I creted a new search function that takes string friendcode as input and if it exists, returns a ptr to that connection. Then, using this, after all connections were created, friends needed to be made. This is Lines 178-192 in my code. The friends vector is the same size as the database with each index of the friends vector being the friends of the current database index. I iterated through the friends vector vector<string> and called my new search function with the contents of the vector. this then returned a connection which i then made friends through the makeFriend function. 


4. Update remove
	THis was simple. Create a friendcode of the current connection you want to remove by calling the function codename. Create a new connection that starts at head and implement a while(temp!=null) loop that contains a for loop that searches the friend vector of each connection for the friend that is being currently being removed. Once found, break the loop and move on to the next Connection and repeat til tail is reached. After while is completed, delete the temp ptr to free up memory. 

	